# Stable Releases
---

Heavy is constantly being developed and refined, though changes in the internal function or public API may not be suitable or desirable at all points in the application development. New releases are published on a roughly monthly basis and are generally named after the date of release, e.g. `r2016.07.05`.

If a specific release is not indicated when submitting a patch, the most recent stable release will be used. See the [Uploader Documentation](#03.uploader#stable-releases) for how to request a specific release using the uploader.

A `dev` release is always available which contains the most recent version of Heavy. It may contain bugs or errors.

The current list of public releases is available at [https://enzienaudio.com/a/releases](https://enzienaudio.com/a/releases) which returns a JSON object suitable for automated parsing. Stable releases will not be deprecated before the date indicated and are generally available for six months.

All static files for each release are available at [https://github.com/enzienaudio/heavy/releases](https://github.com/enzienaudio/heavy/releases).

## Current Releases
---

## dev
* working channel, contains most up to date features, can be unstable

expires: neverrrrrr

---
## r2016.11
* Added support for signal rate biquad coefficients `[general]`
* New Events interface for sending bangs/events from C# `[unity]`
* Renamed Hv_LibWrapper.cs script to Hv_AudioLib.cs `[unity]`
* Wwise Effect Plugins, add an [adc~] object to turn it into an FX unit `[wwise]`
* Set the length of the parameter name fields to the length of the @hv_param the string `[wwise]`
* [heavylib](https://github.com/enzienaudio/heavylib) updated with new filter objects and more! `[pd]`
* MIDI IO object support `[pd]`
* Improved interpreter path searching `[pd]`
* Added public interface `getParameterInfo` to retrieve exposed parameter information `[c/c++]`
* Send name hash to passed to sendhook callback `[c/c++]`
* Improved performance of SIMD process interleave function `[c/c++]`
* `setLengthForTable` returns a bool indicating if the table was found, instead of change in memory size `[c/c++]`
* Fixed issue with setting a delay object to negative timestamp `[bugfix]`

expires: 2017-05-31

---
## r2016.10
* Unity Linux builds `[unity]`
* Removed send message queue for C# (replaced by lightpipe) `[unity]`
* New C++ API, improves management of multiple heavy contexts `[c/c++]`
* Fixed issue with `realloc` implementation on windows `[bugfix]`
* Fixed Android ARM compiler flags `[bugfix]`

expires: 2017-04-30

---
## r2016.08
* Bug smash! Smash them all! `[general]`

expires: 2017-02-28

---
## r2016.07.05

* Unity Android support
* Uploader with exit codes and release parsing
* `C11/C++11` required for thread-safety with standard atomics
  
expires: 2017-01-31

---
## r1
* Original release

expires: 2016-12-31
